README.md, before:

# README
This project is an API for simple restaurant querying
it is built to deploy with Terraform to Azure and consists of a static site for testing, an API function and a CosmoDB.

The API recieves a query and returns a json in the following format:
```code
{
restaurantRecommendation :
    {
    name: ‘Pizza hut’,
    style: ‘Italian’,
    address: ‘wherever street 99, somewhere’,
    openHour: 09:00,
    closeHour: 23:00,
    vegetarian : yes,
    isOpen: yes
    }
}
```

The static site tester and fumction code get redeployed automatically by terraform on code change thanks to an md5 hash on files.

the API url is automatically embedded in site html file during deployment using envsubst.

# Setup:
In order to create this project in your azure account you will need to set up a storage account in azure for tf state
and fill the storage account details in backend declaration site, function and db main.tf files.

You will need an Azure Service Account with permissions to deploy resources at the subscription level.
If you already have one, you can save AZURE_CLIENT_ID, AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID, AZURE_TENANT_ID as Github actions repo secrets.
Otherwise you can create one with azure_oidc.sh script, fill github organization(user)/repo/branch and Azure subscition and run the script, save the created AZURE_CLIENT_ID, AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID, AZURE_TENANT_ID as Github actions repo secrets.

Seed DB with provided seed_data.json file(upload file to retaurants container).


# Future Iterations
    1. Integrate automatic DB seeding into workflow.
    2. set up the query in DB (and parameterize it).
    3. Add code testing(both terraform and python tests).
    4. Add a branching strategy and branch protection to repository.

Commit message:

added env set for function in workflow

README.md, after:

# README
This project is an API for simple restaurant querying
it is built to deploy with Terraform to Azure and consists of a static site for testing, an API function and a CosmoDB.

The API recieves a query and returns a json in the following format:
```code
{
restaurantRecommendation :
    {
    name: ‘Pizza hut’,
    style: ‘Italian’,
    address: ‘wherever street 99, somewhere’,
    openHour: 09:00,
    closeHour: 23:00,
    vegetarian : yes,
    isOpen: yes
    }
}
```

The static site tester and fumction code get redeployed automatically by terraform on code change thanks to an md5 hash on files.

the API url is automatically embedded in site html file during deployment using envsubst.

Sadly, I havent gotten the DB seed script to work in the workflow yet, so there's just a placeholder script at the moment.

# Setup:
In order to create this project in your azure account you will need to set up a storage account in azure for tf state
and fill the storage account details in backend declaration site, function and db main.tf files.

You will need an Azure Service Account with permissions to deploy resources at the subscription level.
If you already have one, you can save AZURE_CLIENT_ID, AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID, AZURE_TENANT_ID as Github actions repo secrets.
Otherwise you can create one with azure_oidc.sh script, fill github organization(user)/repo/branch and Azure subscition and run the script, save the created AZURE_CLIENT_ID, AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID, AZURE_TENANT_ID as Github actions repo secrets.

Seed DB with provided seed_data.json file(upload file to retaurants container).


# Future Iterations
    1. Integrate automatic DB seeding into workflow.
    2. set up the query in DB (and parameterize it).
    3. Add code testing(both terraform and python tests).
    4. Add a branching strategy and branch protection to repository.
